hello with you video review from
online store sub 1 com is today
represented by a game tablet 88 which
belong to the category of goods
price-quality is the main advantage
the device is the price of multimedia
modern design operating system
google android 4 0 3
tablet computer comes in
white box opening the box see
tablet computer placed under it
user manual studio cable
to connect external accessories yusb
pc sync cable
charger with euro plug design
tablet as I mentioned modern
nice build quality on
top level
the whole model turned out to be compact
easy neat almost all
front panel cover the display around
display made a small frame
front camera is located in the center
top of the faceplate material
the back panel is matte plastic here
put a slot for micro sd card
speaker holes on the top end
located microphone and bottom and cable
microusb charger port
power button on the right side
minijack three and a half millimeters
swing volume control organ
control interface is conveniently located
case material matte plastic
thanks to this your days are of such a brand and
nice to hold
tablet computer equipped with a 7-inch
kitty display with a resolution of 800 by 480
pixels is average enough
which is enough for the unsophisticated
User display is not grainy bright
image saturated viewing angles
is 150 degrees power you read
capacitive type recognize 5 touches
at the same time the tablet is installed
front webcam with a resolution of
3 megapixel is enough for
chat on skype
Fouls wait for the video opens without problems
standard at 720 pixels in 1080 pixels
say a few words about the sound set
speaker very loud sound quality
normally you can also watch online
video on the ceiling youtube VKontakte and
other flash player version 11 1 running
no problem using as well as cable
ability to connect external 3g modem
in keyboards external hard drives
drives
Do not forget that it is updated
tablet model and outside there is a connector
mini-hdmi using this connector you
you can connect the tablet to your
TV and you will have the opportunity
watch movies and play games
visit the internet resources simply put
use as a multimedia center
hardware specifications installed
processor and tm 7013 frequency of 1 gigahertz
ddr3 512 megabytes of RAM
built-in memory 4 gigabytes plus
possibility to increase memory with
micro sd cards up to 32 gigabytes
tablet computer and enough
smart bring this out
performance in antutu benchmark
the device scored 2339 points for
mobile device important work time
the tablet is set to rechargeable
a battery capacity of 2000 mAh
manufacturer time
under load for up to five hours
true to the truth in economical
second-hand growth mode more eyes
this tablet came to an end
you can buy a computer in our Internet
the store
put likes subscribe to our
the channel with you was rich see you soon